If you're the oracle.
you know why I'm here.
Son of Sparda.
you seek to escape my realm.
All who have tried found only madness.
They were weak.
You cannot conceal
the doubt in your heart.
I feel it thrumming in your veins.
What you feel is anger
at being forced to spend
another minute in this absurd dimension.
I am a seer of truth.
Why is it that Arius would send you to me?
Whatever Arius's purpose
in sending me here.
all he'll get is his pet being put down.
I may be his captive.
but you will remain mine!
Stay back!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You do not face us!
You face only the truth!
Why do you still fail
to embrace your pain?
The rage that storms inside you
from the wounds inflicted
by Argosax's filth.
It is through your suffering
that you gain your true form.
Oracle! You show me
what I have already seen!
Do you really believe
you belong here among us?
Let me sing you a song
of the blackest of knights
And the foes of our realm he slayed
None knew where he came from
Not even he might
For warriors aren't born. they're made
My lord. this symbol.
have I displeased you?
We found Sparda's whelps and his
sapien broodmare. just as you asked.
I spoke of it to no one.
You have done well.
I gave you this brand
so none will know your true master.
No.
When you enact my next order.
capture the sons of the traitor
and lock them in my dungeon.
Be sure to kill the mother.
It was you.
Now you see.
Interesting.
I always knew Mundus keeping me
at his side was a deliberate strategy.
I should have realized
just how deliberate.
I almost admire it.
You will break!
You got us out!
You did it!
Vergil?
Arius sent me here.
He wanted me to see.
Mundus
killed her.
Arius intends for me to join him.
to defeat Mundus together.
You want to join Arius?
He killed my grandpa.
Him and that evil lady.
Your grandfather's life was meaningless!
As are the lives of the millions more
who Argosax will consume.
If Arius wants me to have retribution.
I will take it.
What's that?
What is it?
No!
- No!
- Oh my God. get out of here!
From Chaos. evolution.
My father has become a god.
Lady…
Lady!
Dante!
I thought I'd lost you again.
Don't worry.
It's not going to be that easy
to escape what I deserve
for causing all of this.
Yeah. right. Not the time.
We can still stop this.
The professor said Argosax
needs to do a whole bunch of soul-sucking
to charge his power. right?
Well. as long as he's on low battery.
pretty sure I can handle him.
It's not just him we have to stop.
Arius told his fucked-up girl Friday
to open up the rift with Makai
once he's at full strength
so he can go do his demon coup
and make himself king.
Didn't you want
to open it until yesterday?
She's not going to close it again.
We got a glimpse of what happens
when that wall comes down.
If the redhead finishes the job
and takes your dad's sword
to the other side.
we'll have no way to close it
or to stop what comes through.
It won't matter then
if you beat Argosax or not.
Everywhere will look like here.
So. I get him. you get her.
Easy.
Be advised. bossman's secretary
just passed checkpoint bravo.
Package is en route to the skybridge.
Better hurry up
or he'll suck up the whole city.
I got this.
We took a hard fall. but it's okay
I'm an asshole. you're a head case
We were street punks
On a freight train
Should've never been together
In the first place
Rummage through the rubble
See memories of trouble
The rush of getting busy
In that black car shuttle
Getting rancid in the clash
As we crashed with each other
You're cruelest in the winter
But you're hottest in the summer
One day we may laugh about it
One day we'll let it all out
One day we may talk about it
But that day's not now
Anytime you want to run.
Dante.
Welcome to the vanguard
of both your species' emancipation.
I hate to sound harsh.
but this is the worst ventriloquist act
I've ever seen.
I can't even tell which of you
is the hand and which is the asshole.
So. what do I call you now?
"Argosax" is kind of "meh".
Vergil said you were the original devil.
so "Satan"? "Lucy"?
I've always liked "Beelzebub" personally.
It's just fun to say.
We were going to draw
the power from your blood.
We can take it this way just as easily.
I have to ask you to give me that sword.
But trust me. I'd love it if you didn't.
Would you?
You haven't even recovered
from the last time you and I met.
Last time there was dozens of yous.
Now. I just count one.
Arkham. drop it!
But your former subordinates
will serve the same purpose.
You know Arius's orders
if this traitor were to set foot here.
Stop her by any means necessary.
I'm not the threat.
I'm trying to stop
that soul-sucking kaiju outside.
Help me.
The monster's not our assignment.
Our orders are to guard the hotel.
Ugh. what is wrong with you?
There obviously won't be
a hotel to guard pretty soon.
I'm just here to do my job.
So. you're with me after all.
I have a lot to make up for.
Come on.
She's going to the roof.
I'm a killer with fire in my eyes
Flashbang!
My bazooka
Dante!
I need more time!
Makes the devils cry…
Working on it. Maybe try to go faster.
We have lived long enough to know
the masses must be forced into freedom.
Look how you fight
to uphold this corrupt order.
When you were never even accepted by it.
Such a life is worth nothing
besides what progress can be gained
from its extraction.
I can't allow you to kill my brother.
We haven't finished our fight yet.
Vergil.
Nice working with you. Commander.
Yeah! I'm the NCAA single-season
passing yards record holder!
So. you have seen the truth.
And you still take up arms against us.
You thought I would simply trade
one scheming overlord for another?
You both mistake me
for a pawn to be controlled.
All of Mundus' debts
will be accounted for.
Yours are quicker to settle!
Do what you need to. I can hold them off.
Dante will be dead soon.
if he isn't already.
And Baines?
You couldn't save your father figure.
Just like you couldn't save
your mother from your real father.
Don't make the mistake
of thinking you know me.
But I do.
You're too broken
to deserve a happy ending.
Just like me.
Arius said you were alive.
But I was starting to think maybe…
I told you to keep the Arcana
away from him until after the eclipse!
All you had to do was run and hide!
You want to do this now?
I thought I could destroy it.
I thought I finally
did something good. but…
You were right.
Not about everything.
We still have an enemy in common.
So…
How exactly do we defeat him?
Argosax's rebirth is not yet complete.
The Sons of Sparda should be able
to dispense with him easily enough.
If we fight with all our power.
I can't use my Devil Trigger
the way you do.
I don't know how to control it.
You think this is my Devil Trigger?
This is merely a half measure.
An intermediate form that Mundus…
Mundus showed me how to assume it.
by constantly channeling
low levels of power.
Even I cannot remain
in full demon form permanently.
thanks to our mother's frailty.
But you can choose
when to change. I can't!
It's like a thought that's always there
in the back of my mind until
suddenly I'm living inside it!
It is only in suffering
that our full senses are engaged.
That we become our truest selves.
You keep your pain subdued.
Release it!
Be the wrath that is our legacy!
Wrath…
He guarded the gate!
He's over here!
Mom?
My darling boy.
I messed it all up. Mom.
Vergil was alive.
And I never looked for him.
You were only a kid.
You were doing the best you could.
I should have done more for you.
Told you about your father.
I should have saved you both.
You tried.
I just hid.
From everything.
From myself.
It hurts so much to miss you.
I know. baby.
I know.
Vergil says I need to let the pain out.
But I can't.
It's too big.
There's too much.
Oh. Dante.
You think this hurt
is what keeps you cut off from everyone.
when it's just the opposite.
It's exactly what connects you
to them the most.
What you feel is wholly. achingly human.
Your pain isn't a monster you can fight.
Or run from.
You can only accept it.
As a part of you.
My son.
The sons of Sparda.
At last.
No.
We're the sons of Eva.
And we work better with music.
His sword.
You lose.
Again.
Arius might have
turned into a giant demon god.
but he's gonna be getting his own coffee.
Wait. You're not…
See? No happy ending.
That's for my grandpa.
you stupid. ugly bitch!
Thanks. kid.
You shouldn't. uh…
swear.
It's bad.
Freeze!
More.
Dante. are you all right?
Yeah.
But he's too powerful now.
We can't stop him.
You have to. Because if you can't.
who the fuck can?
You said Argosax was gonna
try to kill Mundus once he powered up.
What if they fought at his current power?
Would Mundus win?
Yes.
Lady. you need to open the rift.
What? Why?
Because we're gonna knock
Argosax through it so Mundus can kill him.
- No. you can't.
- I know. but it's the only way.
Open it just long enough
for us to send him through.
then close it up again.
Like you planned.
You said it's all good as long as
the sword stays on this side. right?
And you're sure
you can get him through the rift?
Come on. it's me. And Vergil.
All right. let's do it.
Mattie. listen to me.
What happened to you was terrible.
but it's over now. Let it be.
This doesn't have to become who you are.
Okay?
Mm-hmm.
Get her out of here.
No. I'm staying. I can help fight.
Just keep Mattie safe.
You can run and be a hero this time.
Hey. Lady.
That diner around the corner
from my old place. you know it?
Yeah. Why?
If we lose touch once the rift opens.
that's where I'll go.
- Meet me there. We can talk.
- Dante.
I need to know that you'll be there.
Tell me you will.
I'll be there.
Hey. Lucy!
For all the stories that you gave
For the lessons you told
And all the words that you wove
Of giants descending
The destroyer of worlds
No!
Go!
Now. channel your energy into the barrel.
Don't tell me
you still say that infantile--
Jackpot!
Ugh.
Vergil. wait! What are you…?
Not this time.
Lady! Close the rift after us!
You have to close it now. Lady!
Lady!
It's time to say good night
God bless you
For all the stories that you gave
For the lessons you told
And all the words that you wove
Of giants descending
The destroyer of worlds
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm